added the transform creation command (#28828)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/ReleaseNotes/3_1_3.md

#### Integrations

##### SplunkPy

> - Added the command **splunk-kv-store-collection-create-transform** providing the ability to create KVStore transform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the  ***splunk-kv-store-collection-create-transform*** command that provides the ability to create KVStore transform.
```

> - Added the  ***splunk-kv-store-collection-create-transform*** command that provides the ability to create KVStore transform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the  ***splunk-kv-store-collection-create-transform*** command that provides the ability to create KV Store transform.
```
